<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>About GOTrack</title>
</head>
<body>

	<h1>About GOTrack</h1>

	<h2>Citing</h2>

	<p>A manuscript is under preparation. In the meantime, cite the web site as "GOTrack (gotrack.msl.ubc.ca)".</p>

	<p>
		You should also probably <a href="http://www.geneontology.org/page/go-citation-policy">cite GO</a>.
	</p>


	<h2>Contact</h2>

	<p>
		For questions or help with GOTrack, please <a href="mailto:pavlab-support@msl.ubc.ca">email us</a>.
	</p>

	<h2>License</h2>

	<p>
		Copyright &copy 2016-2018. The contents (images, text, data) of the GOTrack web site are released under the <a
			href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Commons BY-SA 2.0 license</a>. To summarize:
		you are free to share and adapt the material for any purpose, even commercially, so long as you give appropriate
		credit and release any derived works under the same terms. The GOTrack source code is open source (<a
			href="https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">Apache 2.0 license</a>). Fork it on <a
			href="https://github.com/PavlidisLab/gotrack">Github</a>
	</p>

	<h2>Disclaimer</h2>

	<p>Use at your own risk. GOTrack is provided "AS-IS" without any warranty, expressed or implied.</p>

	<h2>Credits and acknowledgments</h2>

	<p>
		GOTrack is a product of the <a href="http://pavlab.msl.ubc.ca/">Pavlidis lab</a> at the <a href="https://www.ubc.ca/">University
			of British Columbia</a>. Supported by grants from the NIH, NSERC and CFI.
	</p>

	<p>The GOTrack web site was developed by Matthew Jacobson, based on a prototype built by Adriana Estela
		Sedeño-Cortés. We thank Dima Vavilov for technical support.</p>

	<p>
		We are endebted to the <a href="http://www.geneontology.org/">Gene Ontology Consortium</a> and <a
			href="https://www.uniprot.org/">UniProt</a> for the source data used.
	</p>

</body>
</html>